feat(OFF-1016): add new webhook event subscription renewed (#108)
PrestaShopCorp/docs.cloud.prestashop.com: docs/src/5-prestashop-billing/5-use-cases/4-charge-at-term/README.md

More details about Charge at Term API are [available here](https://prestashop-billing.stoplight.io/docs/api-gateway/0dec9ae31dd59-add-a-charge-at-term).
:::

:::tip

> If you're looking for getting the date of the next invoice it's useful to listen to [webhooks](../../6-references/1-webhook/README.md#subscription).

Reviewer: Bon je suis pas sur à 100% que c'est mieux formulé, à toi de voir :D 

```suggestion
To get the date of the next invoice please refer to the [webhooks documentation](../../6-references/1-webhook/README.md#subscription).
```

Author: On va attendre Maxime :'D
